Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
Super Polymerization
wasn't my key to victory!
What do you mean?
Welcome back Predaplants
Cephalotusnail and Lilizard!
And now I can fuse them together
with my true key card!
Not Super
but Ultra Polymerization!
(all)
Huh?
No! This can't be!
I Fusion Summon...
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
You are caught in an endless
cycle of pain and suffering
where you take damage every
single loop!
And the only thing that
will end it is your defeat!
Dad, no!
One final transfer, and I will
finally have my daughter back.
While it seems your time,
Yusho, is at an end.
I blast you... again!
Yuya!
Attack!
No!
Dad, no!
(thinking)
Yuya, it's your time to shine.
(sinister laugh)
Aah!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Uugghh!
(Yuri)
What a surprise.
(chuckles)
Who knew one little card
would cause such a reaction?
Uugghh!
Yuri!
Yuya, you have to
keep your cool!
Uhh!
Declan!
(chuckles)
Temper, temper.
If you're this mad now,
I wonder how angry you'll be
when I rip it in half.
Your dad will have
a splitting headache.
Don't you dare!
I mean it!
You're messing with
the wrong guy!
Yuya, calm down.
You're not thinking straight.
Uugghh!
I'll never forgive you
for this!
I don't recall asking
for forgiveness.
But you'll be begging me
for mercy...
when I defeat you!
Not a chance!
Let's do this!
(computer voice)
Generating Action Field
Crossover.
Let's duel!
If you learned all your
techniques from your dad,
I don't know how
you'll defeat me,
considering he was
such a dud.
So I guess it's up to me
to bring both
the razzle and the dazzle.
And Predaplant Ophrys Scorpio's
going to help me do just that!
So you see, when Predaplant
Ophrys Scorpio
is successfully summoned,
I'm able to send
one of the Predaplants
in my hand
straight to the graveyard
to summon
a different Predaplant
from my deck!
So now I'm going to discard
my Predaplant Stapeliaworm,
like so,
so I can summon...
Predaplant Darlingtonia Cobra!
And fortunately, when
Darlingtonia Cobra is summoned,
I'm allowed to add the spell
card Polymerization to my hand.
(chuckles)
Which I'll use to summon
the very monster
that brought the curtain...
down on your dad.
It's a showstopper!
I fuse my two
Predaplants together!
Now, the luscious leaves
and succulent stems
of these two precious plants
will give birth to a vicious,
vengeful, diabolical botanical!
I Fusion Summon!
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
(roaring)
Aagghh!
(thinking)
His dragon is making Z‐Arc
stronger!
I gotta hold him down, but I
don't know how long I can.
Ha ha!
What's wrong?
You're not looking so good.
And we've only just begun
to have fun.
I end my turn.
(growling)
It's my turn!
Smile World.
Dad...
(Yusho)
Yuya, it's your time to shine.
What are you waiting for?
Are you going to
make a move or not, friend?
Ha! Come on.
Just a second ago,
you were huffing and puffing,
full steam ahead.
But now look at you.
All sad about your
dear old dad. Whaaa!
(laughs)
Aah!
(roaring)
Ugh!
(sighs)
(thinking)
Odd‐Eyes. I can feel it.
It wants to fight Yuri, too,
and I can sure use its help.
But I don't know if I should
summon it.
Because when the dragons get
together,
I lose even more control.
What would Dad do?
When things get tough,
respond with a smile.
It will give you the strength
to keep moving forward.
Huh?
(Yusho)
The key to dueling is to believe
in your deck...
and yourself.
(thinking)
Thanks, Dad.
I set the Pendulum Scale with
Scale 1 Stargazer Magician
and Scale 8 Timegazer
Magician!
I'm taking control of
this duel, starting now!
(Yuya)
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Ka‐ching and do your thing,
Performapal Coin Dragon!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
(Yuri)
Ah, there it is,
your precious dragon.
But I wonder which one of our
dragons is mightier.
(roaring)
Ugh! Uhh!
Let's find out.
(growling, groaning)
Is he okay?
I hope so.
With these two dragons
on the field,
Z‐Arc's will becomes that much
stronger.
(growling, groaning)
It'll take everything he has
to hold Z‐Arc down.
But what if he can't?
I mean...
look at him.
He's barely holding it
together.
I don't know if he can
hold Z‐Arc back,
much less win this duel.
Then let's hope that Yuya is as
strong as we believe he is,
or believe that he can be.
(Yuri)
You know, you shouldn't scrunch
up your face like that.
Didn't Daddy tell you it might
get stuck that way?
(growling)
Don't talk about my dad!
Coin Dragons, power up
my dragons by 500!
(roaring)
Now Odd‐Eye is stronger than
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
Go! Spiral Flame Strike!
How naive that you think that
will actually work.
I now activate my trap
Predaprouting!
Not only does it protect
my Starving Venom Fusion Dragon
from destruction,
but your Odd‐Eyes
is destroyed instead!
Not if I activate
Coin Dragon's other ability!
It saves my Odd‐Eyes
as well!
That's not all!
Since Starving Venom Fusion
Dragon is above Level 5,
Odd‐Eyes deals...
double the damage!
(groans)
(chuckles)
Doubled to deal just
400 points of damage?
How can I ever recover?
Oh, I know! I'll just grow
some greenness!
You see, thanks to
Predaprouting,
I can sprout three
Predaplant tokens.
(groans)
All right.
I still have one monster left
to attack with.
Coin Dragon, zap that token!
All right, Yuto,
that's one token down,
but Yuri's still got two left.
And knowing the way this guy
likes to duel,
he'll use 'em for
something bad.
We have to be ready for anything
this guy throws at us.
Yeah.
Maybe this card's
the ticket to stop him.
Possibly.
Let's hope it works because
we gotta keep fighting.
I place one card
face down...
and end my turn.
You're giving it your all,
but will that be enough?
I don't think so!
Because I have new tricks
up my sleeve!
Like tributing one Predaplant
token to summon
the Tuner Monster,
Predaplant Banksiogre!
A Tuner?
That's right!
By absorbing Yugo's powers,
I can now Synchro Summon!
I tune Bankshia Ogre with my
Predatplant token!
What was once Yugo's go‐to
dragon is now mine!
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
(groaning)
(both groaning)
Oh, no!
With a third dragon,
Z‐Arc grows even stronger!
(roaring)
Hey, Yuya!
It looks like...
you're outnumbered,
two dragons to one!
(groaning)
Aah!
Keep cool! We can't let
Z‐Arc overwhelm us!
Remember what my dad said.
We gotta keep smiling!
But it's so hard!
How can I fight Z‐Arc and Yuri
at the same time?
Aah!
I thought I'd get tired
of hearing you scream.
But I don't.
It's actually music
to my ears.
Oh! Now that Yuri has both
dragons, he can use
the same combo that he used
to beat Yuya's dad!
And you should thank me for
letting you lose...
in the same way as your father.
But your losing
is thanks enough.
This unbelievably incredible
combo will seal your defeat!
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon
will use its special ability
to steal your Odd‐Eyes'
special abilities!
And once this combo gets rocking
and rolling, it's unstoppable.
Nothing's unstoppable!
Huh?
I activate the trap card
Starlight Force!
It negates Starving Venom Fusion
Dragon's special ability!
So that means...
That means...
Your combo's over,
just like that!
But as for me,
I still got a little
something else to share!
Now both your
dragons' levels...
drop down to four.
That was, like,
so awesome, Yuya!
Indeed.
That changes nothing!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon,
attack Coin Dragon!
(groans)
Oh, no! Odd‐Eyes Pendulum
Dragon's attack points dropped!
(Yuri)
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon,
get rid of that pest, will you?
(groaning)
This isn't over yet, Yuri!
(Yuri laughs)
Huh?
I think it's time
to face facts, Yuya.
Your monsters are gone.
All gone.
You may not think it's over,
but it's over!
(thinking)
I can't afford to lose.
But I don't know how
I can win.
But that doesn't mean
I'm giving up.
We must finish our mission
before they finish their duel.
Why is the final step
taking so long?
What is the delay?
Sir, we need to completely
charge the Arc‐V reactor
before the final step,
and the energy required
is off the scales‐‐
I didn't ask for excuses,
I asked for results.
(man)
Yes, sir!
(thinking)
As long as I have
a single life point,
that means I still
have a chance.
Okay.
He's got us outnumbered in both
monsters and life points.
But since I played Starlight
Force, Yuri's two dragons
can't use their special
abilities against us.
We can use that
to our advantage.
If we summon Dark Rebellion
XYZ Dragon,
Yuri can't stop us from using
its special ability
to turn this duel around.
But you'll need two
Level 4 monsters
to summon Dark Rebellion.
(Yuya)
I have Odd‐Eyes and Coin Dragon
in my Extra Deck.
And Coin Dragon is Level 4.
So if I'm able to draw another
Level 4 monster this turn...
You can Pendulum Summon
Coin Dragon
and combine them to
summon Dark Rebellion!
(Yuya)
But we barely held down
Z‐Arc last time
we had three dragons on
the field.
Let's hope we can again.
Deck, don't fail me now!
Argh! It's Level 5.
However...
Due to Starlight Force's
effect,
your monsters will now
gain one level.
But they still can't use
their special ability.
So they can't interfere
with my strategy!
(thinking)
I still have a way to
summon Dark Rebellion.
But do I dare?
What are you waiting for?
You know what you
have to do.
If you summon Odd‐Eyes,
Drop Gallop can use
its special ability
to change its Level to 4 so you
can summon Dark Rebellion!
Yeah, I know that, Yuto.
But if we do this,
all four dragons
will be on the field.
And that scares me.
We barely maintained
control with three.
I don't know how we'll
hold down Z‐Arc with all four.
Yeah, I don't know either.
But some risks
are worth taking.
Because all our friends and
family helped us get this far.
We can't let them down.
I believe in you,
and I believe in us.
I believe we can
fight off Z‐Arc.
I'm scared, too, Yuya,
but I'll face it with a smile.
Yuto...
(thinking)
Okay.
I won't let my fear of
Z‐Arc stop me.
I use...
the Pendulum Scale that's
already been set
to Pendulum Summon!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Ka‐ching,
Performapal Coin Dragon!
Drop in, Performapal Drop
Gallop!
(roaring)
I can feel them
calling for a fourth!
(sinister laugh)
(groaning)
Drop Gallop lets me
draw a card
for every Performapal
I Pendulum Summoned!
And you'll be unhappy to know
that since I have Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon on my field,
I can change Drop Gallop's
level from 5 to 4,
which is the same as
Coin Dragon's level!
So, that means I can I use
Drop Gallop and Coin Dragon
to build the Overlay Network!
(Yuya)
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective,
I call upon the most dangerous
of dragons!
I XYZ Summon!
Dark Rebellion XYZ Dragon!
(roaring)
Aah!
Aaaahhhh!
Aaaahhh!
Ugh! Yuto!
(Yuto)
Don't worry about me!
Just focus on the duel!
Yes! I can feel the power!
It's incredible!
Too incredible!
So much power!
I can feel Z‐Arc trying
to take my soul,
like he did Yuto!
Gotta fight!
But it's so hard!
(sinister laugh)
Aagghh!
It's no good!
Yuya's completely
out of control!
Ugh! Aah!
Huh?
Not true.
Trust me, Yuya's still
fighting for us, Riley.
He's our only hope.
The hope for us all.
♪♪♪
(breathing heavily)
That was fun.
But that's one ride
I don't want to take again.
Just when I was about to break,
I felt like my friends were
helping me hang on.
(thinking)
Thanks, Dad.
Get ready, Yuto!
I activate Dark Rebellion's XYZ
Dragon's Special Ability!
Stop right there!
(sinister laugh)
You'll activate nothing!
You didn't think I'd go down
that easily, did you?
I activate the trap card
Dragonville!
And what a vinetacular card
it is!
Because it lets me take control
of your dragon,
as long as it's not the one
with the highest level.
No!
So your Dark Rebellion XYZ
Dragon is completely mine now!
(roaring)
(gasps)
You thought you were
going to win,
but you actually
did me a favor.
So thank you, Yuya.
When I absorb you,
we'll reunite as one.
(roaring)
Reunite as one.
No, Yuto! Not you, too!
(roaring)
Don't give in!
Oh, no! Yuya!
(man))
Professor! The Arc‐V reactor
is sufficiently charged!
Transferring the
final girl!
The reactor is fully
functional.
And now, the unification of
the dimensions... begins.
No!